So let's start putting together the user interface now that we know that we have data and it's time
to put together be user interface.
It just makes sense.
All right, so this is what we going for.
It's a simple user interface, really.
As you see here, there really isn't that much going on, but yet we're going to go ahead and build
it.
OK.
Let's start with the top section.
So what I'm going to do?
Let's go ahead and divide things up on one.
Create another composable at the bottom here.
So at, let's call this question.
Display.
I such finales make this at preview, so we can see the preview, this content Susquehanna split.
And while so there's really nothing there yet.
That's why it's empty.
So what is there want to do here?
First, let's create a surface that seems to be what we do first.
So instead of a surface, I'm going to pass modifier.
And I want to start with Phil.
Max with.
Such and then Phil Max height.
And while I'm here, let's just give a general pattern of about five dpi or for dpi that is scoring
important our DPI.
OK.
Very well.
Let's go ahead and refresh us to see what's going on.
All right, there we go.
Nothing really out of this world, but at least we see we have something showing their next list ad.
Let's give a color.
And in this case, here, I'm actually going to create yet another class instead of a utils hardline
class.
This is going to be just an object.
It's called this app colors.
So what are we going to add here?
Just some static colors for our app, so this will help.
I'm just going to go ahead and get a few colors that I've created, so I don't have to type all of them
and bore you with all these details.
So we should have access to all of these, of course, in the GitHub to get all of these.
So that's not a problem.
So we have our app colors there and it's very good so we can now use it to invoke them inside here so
we can get those colors.
OK.
So now I can say here app colors such and in this case, I'm going to get the M and dark purple like
this.
That's the color I'm going to have in the background.
So trying to mimic this color you see in the background there.
And now that we say, let's go ahead and refresh to see if that's going to change, it should.
OK.
Very nice.
So inside we are going to create a column because all of the items are going to be laid out vertically
somewhere.
Passive modifier
give her padding of 12 dpi.
And then let's give it a vertical arrangement.
I'm going to arrange top all of items to be at the top first and then horizontal arrangement or alignment,
that is when a center.
Actually, I want to start alignment to stars.
It all starts from the left.
All right.
Good.
So next, we are going to add this.
UI element here, I'm going to go ahead at the bottom, you create yet another composable such let's
call this question tracker is going to track the question.
As you see here, we're going to have zero out of 40 875 something like that.
And I can go ahead and also add another preview here so we can take a look now.
This tracker here will have, as you see here, the first numbers are going to be zero out of the entire
size of our list.
So I'm going to pass two parameters here.
So counter it's going to be an inch and I'm just going to give it 10 to start with so we can see something.
And then out of this call, it's going to be an inch and I'm just going to give a hundred as a default.
OK, good.
So here I'm going to add a text, not just any other text, and I'm going to add an annotated string
text annotated string as such.
This will allow us to divide or to change parts of our string or text, as you see here.
So this one question zero.
See its different size, then this next number there.
So that's why we're going to use annotated string.
So for that, you know, text here, I'm going to use the build annotated string of such suits at Lambda.
So now inside here, I'm going to pass with style
and I would say style.
I'm going to pass style and I see paragraph style.
Text inent for the first part and say text intent, none.
So there is no invitation for this text, so I can't pass another with style here inside for a style
parameter, I'm going to just say span style for the color.
In this case, I want to see app colors again and say, Am light purple or gray, actually?
OK.
And then I'll continue, I'm going to say font weight, I want this to be a bold like this.
And also a wonderful in size to be a little bit extravagance or 27 that speaks, so we need to use the
Unit ESP when we are dealing with strings or text in this case.
Not deep.
That's the recommendation.
All right.
So now in this lambda here, I'm going to build the actual string that I want to annotate, which I
want to pass all of these styles that we've created.
So I'm going to say Append.
So in this case, I'm going to be handed a text and I want this to be.
So it's going to be your question.
And then I'm going to pass the counter value right variable and for a slash like they.
So it's going to be something like that.
OK.
Because I want annotated this different than this other text.
Right.
Very handy.
A little bit of water back, very handy.
OK, let's go ahead and refresh this to see if we can see to see our preview at the bottom here.
All right.
So you can see the bottom here.
Concedes his question for now, I'm going to comment this out that we don't see this, OK, so we see
that question.
Ten out of something.
So next, we're going to create this last session where there right?
So right there and let's say with style, do the same thing.
Expense style can pass the color.
Light grey.
That's what we had before and lost a font weight.
I want light to differentiate.
Font size.
This is going to be smaller, 14 sb like that.
And then, of course, what is that we want to append here for our text?
It's going to be the out of variable, which should be out of not out of let's go ahead and refactor
that.
Out of right.
Very good.
So that looks real good.
Question 10 out of 100.
So still, instead of a tax here, if you click there, we noticed that are text parameters and here
because we're passing this bill annotated annotated string there.
So that means we can still pass other parameters in our text.
Right.
So when a pass modifier, our good friend and we say modifier, I want to give a padding in general
patting of about 20 deep or such.
OK.
Very nice to we have that nice padding.
All right, so now that we have our question tracker, we can of course call that inside there right
about here.
And I say a question tracker, such a personal nothing.
For now, that's fine.
And if we go up and to make sure that our preview is on.
Should be able to see the full picture, hopefully.
Angela looks real good question.
Ten out of 100.